[KANADE] Huh...
These are the Lost Woods
everyone keeps talking about?
I dunno. They're a lot
gloomier than I imagined.
Definitely, it's even
dark in the afternoon.
[REIN, KANADE gasp]
The trees could
hardly block the light
if we burned them
all to the ground.
Tania, have you gone crazy?
These woods aren't tinder--
they're home to
dozens of species!
Whoa! It was just a joke.
Now, shouldn't that
relic be around here?
It is. They say it's hidden
deep inside the forest,
and only usable by the hero.
[SORA gasps]
[REIN]
Hmm.
Supposedly, the Lost Woods
are ever expanding,
and constantly changing.
So what's the point of
using the map Arios gave us?
I bet this thing's
totally useless now!
Is any shield important enough
to go through all this trouble?
Yeah, this one is, and it
happens to be our current job.
Rein.
[ALL]
Sorry we were mean to you.
Is that what you low-life
knuckleheads call an apology?
I don't believe a word you said.
At least try to say
it like you mean it!
[GROUP]
Rein, please, we're so sorry!
[TANIA]
I still can't hear you!
[GROUP]
We're sorry for what we did!
Whaddaya think?
Should we forgive 'em?
Why not? It's all
out of my system.
What do you say? Should we
put this stuff behind us?
Any takers?
Tch! Very well,
I humbly accept your truce
on behalf of the entire party.
Now, let us discuss the relic.
Deep in the heart
of the Lost Woods,
savage monsters guard
the Shield of Truth.
Unfortunately, we need it
to defeat the Demon King.
Which is why we must acquire
it as swiftly as possible,
for me, the true hero,
to use in my quest.
The fate of the entire world
hangs in the balance,
and the way I see it,
you don't have much of
a choice in this situation.
Is he giving us orders?
He doesn't really
sound that sorry!
[GROUP whimpers]
[REIN]
All right, calm down you two.
[BOTH gasp]
Let's take the job!
It'll be fine!
[TANIA, KANADE whimper]
[REIN] Maybe I didn't
think this one through.
[REIN]
Hmm.
[KANADE]
Rein, are you sure you
really wanna help that hero?
He's clawful.
I don't like this idea one bit!
[TANIA]
I'm not a fan either!
We don't need their help anyway.
I can beat the
Demon King myself,
with or without
some dumb shield!
And I'm not saying that because
I'm worried about you,
or anything!
Yeah, Rein,
is this what you want?
[REIN chuckles]
[KANADE, TANIA gasp]
[TANIA] Is there a reason
you're rubbing our heads?
Sorry, I guess
it's just a reflex!
Well, that's all right.
When I see you guys defend my
honor, it makes me really happy
and means a lot.
[TANIA gasps]
Really?
[REIN] But I think
we need to help Arios.
He's the only one who
can defeat the Demon King.
[TANIA, KANADE]
Hm?
[REIN] Regardless, sorry
I dragged you into this mess.
I've come this far with you!
Besides, you're too nice
as it is. So as your friend,
it's my duty to get you
outta this creepy forest!
Me, too! And through it all,
you have been able to
stay true to your heart!
That's so sweet.
Thank you... for real.
[BOTH chuckle]
Now, who's ready to pounce in
and grab that shield?
Well, that map is
useless, isn't it?
We need a strategy before we go.
Yeah, you're right.
It probably wouldn't
be the best idea
to fumble our way
through this job, huh?
[REIN]
Hang on. I have an idea.
I'll assimilate with this
little guy like I did before.
It'll be helpful to get a
bird's eye view of the forest.
While I do that,
I'll need you two guys
to keep an eye on my body.
[KANADE, TANIA]
You got it!
[REIN] All right, I'll
be back before ya know it!
[KANADE]
Don't get eaten!
[REIN]
I won't!
[REIN] Man, this forest
goes on forever.
But I can see the
path from up here,
even though it's mostly hidden.
Should be able to find a route
to the heart of the forest.
[REIN grunts]
[REIN]
I'm here.
It's good to have
you back, Rein.
How'd it go? You find us a path?
Oh, yeah, clear as day!
Huzzah!
What are we waiting
for? Let's go!
Hold on, you can't lead!
Yeah, you don't
even know the way!
Oops, I forgot.
I'm just kitten!
We've been walking
for a long time.
Yeah, is it much farther?
[REIN grunts]
[KANADE grunts]
Uh-oh.
The yellow stone.
[TANIA]
Didn't we leave it there earlier
so we could find our way back?
[KANADE]
Fur sure.
Now we're back at square one.
We know, we're not blind.
Well, did we pawssibly
take the wrong path?
I dunno, seems unlikely to me.
When I double-checked the
route with the other birds,
they verified it.
If I was wrong, surely
they would have said so
and pointed me in
the right direction.
Yeah, I'm not sure the
route is our problem, here.
I think there's more to these
woods than meets the eye.
[REIN, KANADE]
Huh?
[TANIA] Hang on. Lemme
see what I can find.
Material Search.
Whoa.
No way. These lights.
[TANIA]
Follow me.
Look what I found.
We kept getting lost
because of this tree.
It's illusionary magic is
spilling into the woods.
[KANADE grunts]
I've never heard of that magic.
It's used to create
an expansive magical field
so powerful it can permeate
the brains of its targets.
It then manipulates the victim's
audiovisual processing.
[KANADE grunting]
In other words,
we've been under
the influence of a spell
that's caused us to do
nothing but walk in circles
for the last several hours.
Well, more of a barrier than
a spell, since it's so massive.
[KANADE]
Mm... It all makes sense now.
I'm happy to hear that.
Now kick down
this tree, would ya?
[KANADE gasps] But, why?
Oh! Because you're upset!
Certainly not!
I'm no monster,
thank you very much!
Everybody take a deep breath!
This tree is the source
of the magical barrier.
If we destroy it, we should
be freed from its influence.
[KANADE]
Oh, I get it!
[REIN]
Uh, Tania.
Yeah?
Is there any way we can just
nullify the magic barrier?
You know, without
destroying the tree?
[TANIA grunts]
It's incredibly powerful.
I suppose I could try,
but the process may
take a long time.
[REIN]
I see.
[KANADE]
But if we're too late,
the heros are gonna
pick on you again!
Not on my watch!
Not today, no, sir!
This scratching post is gone!
Wait, don't do it--
[KANADE shouts]
[SORA]
Leave this place now.
Hey! D-Did you hear that voice?
[SORA]
Leave this place now.
[KANADE screams]
[SORA]
Leave this place now.
No way.
We found a fairy.
[REIN] She's an ultimate
species, like Kanade and Tania.
A spellcaster with stronger
magic than a dragonoid!
But, as far as I know,
humans haven't encountered
one in at least 200 years.
They call the mountains
and forests home,
and because humans exploit
their lands for resources,
the fairies view us
as mortal enemies.
When tensions
quickly became war,
the fairies retreated
to the hinterlands.
A place far enough away that
the humans couldn't find them.
And now, for good reason,
fairies distrust humans
and hold them in contempt.
[REIN]
Hello, there.
We didn't mean to--
Leave this place now.
Uh.
I was hoping we
could ask a few--
Leave this place now.
My name is Rein, and these
are my two good friends.
Leave this place now.
[REIN]
Look, we're actually trying
to find something deep in the--
Leave this place now.
If you continue to refuse,
I'll drag you out
of here myself.
[ALL yelps]
--[REIN] We'll come back later!
--[TANIA] Sounds good to me!
[SORA grunts]
[GROUP panting]
I could have sworn she
was right on our tails!
[REIN]
I think we're safe.
I can't believe it!
What's her deal?
She was threatening us before
we had a chance to do anything!
I thought fairies
were supposed to be
the warm and welcoming
ultimate species.
[REIN]
Well,
it's strange that she
even showed herself.
It would be one thing if
it were just the two of you,
but with a human in the group?
A fairy wouldn't reveal herself
under most any circumstances.
You think something
else is going on?
[REIN]
Yeah.
I could be wrong,
but I bet it's because we
interfered with the barrier.
[TANIA] She did reveal
herself when Kanade
tried to break the tree.
I only did that because you said
it was the only way for
us to break the barrier!
Hold on.
Wasn't that route supposed
to lead us to the monster
with the Shield of Truth,
but instead it took
us to the magic tree?
But when I tried to
kick down the tree,
the fairy interrupted us
and asked us to leave.
It's very unusual.
Is her hatred for
humans so overwhelming
that she's willing to
cooperate with monsters?
Look, scary fairy
motives are cool,
but we're kind of
in a hurry, aren't we?
I think we should just melt
that stupid barrier and move on.
[REIN gasps]
This first encounter,
she caught us off guard,
but I can keep her
spellcasting at bay.
While I do that, Kanade
will go destroy the tree.
[KANADE]
I got it!
This way, we can
avoid hurting her.
You can agree to that, right?
[REIN grunts]
Honestly, I'd rather try to have
a conversation with her again.
[BOTH yell]
[TANIA]
You can't do that!
Clearly, her only interest is
dragging you out of the forest!
[KANADE]
Yeah, she's right!
That doesn't sound safe at all!
I'd like to avoid the
use of force if possible.
Besides, we were kinda defensive
back there ourselves,
weren't we?
[BOTH grunt]
[REIN] If we approach
without hostility.
I think we can work it out.
[BOTH sigh]
[KANADE grunts]
Rein is just...
I know, he's...
[TANIA, KANADE]
...too nice for his own good!
[SORA grunts]
Leave this place.
I promise, we're not enemies.
We just wanna talk to you.
[SORA]
Leave this place now!
We didn't come into your
forest to cause trouble.
We're just here to do a job,
and then we'll go away!
I'm warning you.
If you don't leave...
[REIN] Go ahead and
attack me all you want!
If that helps build
trust between us,
I'll accept the consequences.
All I ask is that you don't
hurt my friends behind me.
--[KANADE] Rein!
--[TANIA] Hey, wait!
If that's the case,
prepare for a rude awakening.
[BOTH grunt]
[TANIA, KANADE]
Hey!
[REIN] It's all right.
I can endure one attack,
and I won't give up,
no matter what.
[WOLVES snarl]
[REIN] I'm a beast
tamer--it's in my blood.
I've been in
countless situations
where I couldn't
communicate with words.
But I know
if you engage in good faith,
your intentions
will push through.
[REIN]
It truly works!
[gasps] Illusion Arrow!
[SORA]
Why aren't you running away?
It's like I said: all I'm trying
to do here is talk to you!
[SORA]
You're allowing me to hurt you
without fighting back in an
attempt to earn my trust?
[SORA gasps]
I don't understand.
Are you truly a human as
your appearance suggests?
Same as those greedy
monsters that invaded, defiled,
and trampled the land
we once called home?
Yes, I am, but not all of us
are the monsters you remember.
There are plenty of good humans
whose hearts are open and kind.
I can't promise I'm perfect,
but in time,
I hope to earn your trust.
[SORA]
I will not be deceived.
All Lies!
[REIN gasps]
[SORA gasps]
[REIN]
Hey! What are you doing?
[KANADE]
We couldn't just stand there!
Even if you asked us to stay
back, we'll still defend you!
She's right. I couldn't take it.
Besides, your little "peace
talks" aren't working!
[KANADE]
Listen to me!
You should give him a chance.
Rein is one of the
kindest souls I know!
He didn't have to, but he chose
to save me when I was in danger.
And there were others!
Like the people in the city,
an old man, and, uh...
Exactly!
I, as a supreme dragonoid,
vouch for him as well.
And for your information,
he rejected an offer to destroy
the forest from the start!
[KANADE] Right! And when
Tania wanted to burn
the whole forest down,
he got really upset!
[TANIA]
You know I was joking, right?
But when you tried to destroy
the tree, who stopped you?
Rein! Of course!
That's not fair.
You're the one who told me
to do it in the first place!
Correct me if I'm wrong,
but you still wanted to do it.
[KANADE]
I-- That's besides the point!
[REIN] Guys, come on!
This isn't the time!
A curious human, indeed.
And in the company of even
curiouser companions, it seems.
[SORA] I've never met
creatures quite like you.
Not in all my years.
[gasps]
[SORA]
What's your name?
[REIN]
It's Rein Shroud.
I'm known as Sora.
I'll listen to what you
have to say, Rein Shroud.
[SORA]
I understand.
You're here because you
seek the Shield of Truth
in the hero's stead.
That's what brought you
to this forest, correct?
That's correct,
but the illusionary magic
is holding us back.
It was I, who erected
the magical barrier.
[REIN] Would you be willing to
take it down to let us...?
[SORA]
I can't do that.
The barrier serves to hide the
entrance to the fairies' village
from would-be intruders,
and I will not expose
my brethren to danger.
If I didn't know any better,
I'd think you were
covering for a monster.
[SORA] I am not.
Nor is there any monster
in this forest protecting
the Shield of Truth.
[GROUP gasps]
All that exists in the
depths of this forest
is passage to our village,
and it is none other than
the fairies themselves
who protect the Shield.
How is that possible?
Wait, is there no
monster after all?
No, I'm pretty sure someone fed
that braindead hero
some faulty info.
[KANADE grunts]
[SORA]
If the Shield is required
to vanquish the Demon King,
it's yours.
Please, give me a moment.
[GROUP]
Wha--?
Take it.
[REIN]
Really?
Are you sure about this?
I am. Though I may
despise humans,
my hatred for monsters
runs far deeper.
[REIN]
Wow. I did not see that coming.
Meow!
We did it!
So is there anything
I can do to say thank you?
That won't be necessary.
[GROUP grunts]
[SORA] Passing along
the Shield of Truth
is an ancient tradition,
to uphold a pact once
made between the fairies
and the previous hero.
I merely fulfilled
my obligation.
[REIN]
Is that true?
[SORA]
Yes. I deserve no thanks.
You heard the girl.
No need to thank her.
I'm sure it's all good!
We finished our job
without burning a thing!
Let's hurry up and get back
to the city to hand it over!
Yeah, sure thing.
I'll be right behind you.
Thank you.
Now that your business here
is done, leave this place.
Uh, right. Huh?
[KANADE]
Oh, Reiny!
Can I please, please,
please hold the shield now?
[REIN]
Of course!
[TANIA]
Just don't break it.
[KANADE]
I won't, I swear!
[KANADE meowing]
[REIN grunts]
[TANIA]
Uh? What's wrong?
[REIN]
Hey, Sora.
There's something
bothering you, isn't there?
[SORA grunts]
I can't explain how I know.
I just kinda got this feeling.
Even if it seems insignificant,
I'd be happy to listen.
And you did grab the Shield
of Truth for us, so go ahead.
This could well be
the only chance I get
to properly thank you.
[SORA grunts]
I guess, the truth is,
maybe, I...
Well, I don't know.
[SORA]
No, I can't.
If I reveal the truth...
[SORA]
...he'll surely try to help me.
And they could all
end up getting hurt.
No, no, it's nothing.
[REIN]
I don't mind.
Even if it's dangerous,
you can still tell me.
If you're in trouble,
I wanna help you.
Well? Will you let me?
No. Really.
[TANIA]
That's just who he is.
Honestly, it's
kind of disgusting.
He's a little too
nice if you ask me.
But, hey, what have you got to
lose, why not give us a chance?
[SORA]
But--
[KANADE]
Cat got your tongue?
For what it's worth,
I think you should do it!
Oh, don't worry about us.
I promise... we're a lot
stronger than we let on!
If you tell us what's happening,
I really think
we could help you!
[SORA gasps]
[SORA] I guess, having
deemed you worthy of my trust,
it's time I tell you everything.
I have a twin sister.
Younger, by a hair.
Her name is Runa.
And though, her personality is
quite the opposite of mine,
we remain very close.
I can't express how
precious she is to me.
[SORA] In truth, there
are multiple pathways
leading to the fairies' village.
This may surprise you,
but they can be found
all over the world.
When we were together,
Runa and I helped
maintain the barrier
that had protected
the Lost Woods.
It's important but dull work.
[SORA]
But, with Runa by my side,
there was an abundance
of joy to be found.
Until, one day, for
one reason or another,
we were compelled to leave
the barrier for a brief time.
It was then...
...we encountered a monster
in service of the Demon King.
As we swiftly attempted
retreat, it pursued,
and we were forced
to fight back.
[SORA] Unfortunately,
we failed to defeat it.
And Runa...
[SORA]
She was taken prisoner.
It was too powerful
for fairies to defeat?
[SORA] The monster in
question was a Shadow Knight.
I see, that explains it.
I don't understand.
Tell me what you mean.
A Shadow Knight
is a C-rank monster,
so it shouldn't be able
to beat an ultimate species,
but it does have one
important trick up its sleeve.
When it fights, it can
nullify all magical attacks.
So in other words,
only physical attacks are
effective against them.
And since fairies specialize
exclusively in spellcasting,
it was a bad match
from the beginning.
I wondered what sort of monster
could possibly take
down a couple of fairies.
That explains it all right.
[SORA]
Yes.
The Shadow Knights intend to
eliminate any ultimate species
that might pose
a threat to them.
He ordered me to
lower the barrier,
and in exchange,
he would then release Runa.
As difficult as it was,
I refused to give in
and endanger the
rest of my brethren.
I knew that I was powerless
to save her on my own,
so I begged our village
leader for assistance.
But instead of rendering aid,
he encouraged me to abandon her.
"We must celebrate
the livelihoods
of those living safely
within the barrier.
It was you who erred by
leaving the barrier's safety!
You must own the consequences
of your actions."
That's so awful.
Unacceptable!
[SORA] I understand
our leader's reasoning.
His priority is
to ensure the safety
of fairy society as a whole,
over that of my sister.
I understand that.
But I...
I just can't.
It's not right!
I'm simply unable to justify
abandoning my own sister.
[KANADE grunts]
[gasps]
You know, what
you've done is hard.
You've been enduring
all that pain alone.
But you can rest easy.
Because we're here now,
and I promise we will save her.
And we'll do it without
exposing your people to danger.
We will defeat
the Shadow Knight.
Completely.
We can make it happen...
if we work together.
[SORA crying]
[BOTH chuckle]
[KANADE]
Next Time: "The Captive Fairy."